floored seventy-six percent probability
of missing the target reckless fifty
percent chance of failure and this is
not an acceptable way to arrive at
training even the greatest players of
our time make mistakes they take too
many risks after all they're only human
but what if they weren't i give you the
future of football our clothes flawless
decision-making guaranteed results it's
what the people want football just
change
bounce bounce
turns away
why is that River he coming back
small change English tanks armor shorts
of the language never know loss the
question now is the end of the nominal
fee
basketball risk nothing with perfect
LeBron before perfecting football was a
wild and unpredictable affair I've
changed that what do you think happened
to the originals you mean what are they
doing and where are they now look look
look there's left on I was lucky
whoa does the manager know about this
let me guess same as last week what
you're sure you don't want to
kidding me don't be that hard off
done hey what happened why are we always
you make a stand to save football I like
what you have done with the place that
game that we love is dying the clones
they're killing it we must rise up and
so I let me just we all want to destroy
the clones but their own beatable slot
on agrees nobody thinks they can't be
beat but you you can do it I'm a note
and in all of you together remember what
makes you great you I'm not afraid to
take risks you play like it's just a
game they play like it's a job you
risked everything to win everything
there's no greater danger than playing
it safe it's official the originals are
back and they're challenging the phone
to accept death winner-take-all game
with the game forever the question is
you're the perfect clowns what to stage
for the biggest match on the planet the
world is watching first goal wins no
second chance
there's no danger
me
too easy that's
roll back